hey that was cleaning up there
where do you throw it there we are
good puppy very nice Michael and I'm
gonna look
so here's the get a close-up guy here is
the here's a crazy idea with a smoke
grenade he forty percent e forty percent
sugar forty percent of it was less you
make forty percent of your fuse let's go
put it the tastiest bomb you will ever
see okay good so if you know he gives
this two soldiers on the front and
they're out of rations okay put it down
fo p and go you could have gently place
it down like the kids oh maybe you
should go away from the side smokes
going to come out from no junkie i
jumping cook no I don't want something
okay any second now
Oh